(Episode 9)
You're embarrassing me. I'm not a baby.
You didn't have to take me
to work on my first day.
I had a bad dream.
I didn't want you to drive.
Be careful today.
- Do your best at work. - Stop there.
I'm not going to the military.
Please go now.
Goodbye.
Do as I told you yesterday
for that problem.
Chairman?
Is that her?
Wait a minute. Wait up!
- Wait a minute. Stop. - Chairman.
Stop for a moment.
- It's me. - Yes.
- I just dropped him off. - Really?
I'll hurry. Let's eat together.
I love you too.
That surely was Anna.
What's wrong?
Did you say we were meeting
the new employees today?
Let's go.
Anna?
(Congratulations on joining the
new Menu Research and Development Team)
I can't believe this.
What are you doing?
Are you here already?
What's wrong? Did something happen?
No, it's nothing.
Something must have happened.
Your eyes are full of tears.
Tell me. What is it?
It's just that...
I'm moved.
Everyone treated me as a loser.
I'm so happy that I finally
have a position in this society.
My eyes kept welling...
even when I was on the
subway on my way to work.
It felt like a dream that I was
among the people going to work...
while wearing a suit.
Anyway, you're my savior.
Thank you.
You're the one who moved me.
You move me all the time.
I do?
Ru Ri, don't forget.
This place is always empty for you.
Is it here?
Goodness. Stop joking.
It hurts.
Wasn't that quite strong?
Do you know about our future plans?
Yes, you will find a successor from our company.
Please find a capable person, since the future of...
SC Food and Beverage depends on it.
If people find out Jung Tae Yang joined through connections,
they will resist strongly.
Isn't having more competitors profitable to the company?
- Chairman Kevin. - Yes.
Manager Joo's flight has been delayed, so she will be late.
Manager Joo?
She is the new manager of the menu development team.
She's my daughter, but evaluate her without any strings attached.
Let's start without her.
Did the Chairman Kevin have a daughter?
I never heard about it.
I heard he was a celibate for his whole life.
Why do things keep going wrong?
Find out what happened.
Yes, ma'am.
Are you having fun watching us?
Keep your eyes on the front, and drive properly.
Yes, ma'am.
I heard you had a hard time at the Jeju branch.
Yes, I did.
I was scheming something as the princess of SC Food and Beverage.
Scheme? What kind of scheme?
Money.
I will pretend to be a trustworthy chef to win my dad over.
Do you have to do that?
You're his only daughter. SC Food and Beverage won't go anywhere.
My great dad doesn't want me to be a nouveau riche.
He will choose a successor based on competence, not blood.
You'll need my help then.
Princess.
Nice to meet you.
We've already seen each other, so let's skip the introduction.
Let's work together in one accord,
and write new history for SC Food and Beverage.
I'll briefly announce the schedule.
I have a question.
What is he doing here?
Mr. Jung Tae Yang went through a special employment.
He withdrew because of the company's fault.
We evaluated him separately and employed him.
I'm obviously the manager, right?
We can't have 2 chefs in 1 kitchen.
We already have a manager.
Hello, everyone.
I'll be working with you in developing menu from today.
I'm the Manager Joo Ae Ri.
Joo Ae Ri?
Hey!
- That hurts. - What's wrong?
I'll take this.
What should we do?
The winners are No Ji Shim, Kim Sung Tan,
Jung Tae Yang and Lee Ru Ri.
(Lee Ru Ri)
Lee Ru Ri?
Look who's here.
I'll have to get rid of trash first.
Who is Joo Ae Ri?
She is the Chairman's adopted daughter.
She's not his real daughter?
She is the daughter of the helper who took care of Chairman's house...
for a long time.
They lived together for over 20 years.
Chairman Kevin supported her like his daughter.
Is she a hidden child of his?
I have a bad feeling. Be precise and find out about it.
Yes, ma'am.
She's the one who ruined my engagement.
I don't want to see her at work, so fire her right away.
I'm going to point out two things.
One more thing.
If you want her out, beat her in the competition.
Only your skills will be considered here, not words.
Okay.
If that's your rule, I must obey it, Dad.
Oh, no. What am I going to do?
I told Mom that I got a job.
I'm about to lose my job on my first day.
This is so embarrassing.
Why do only misfortunes happen to me?
What are you doing?
We need to get the training at the branches.
That's not important right now.
I'll probably have to pack my things now...
since Joo Ae Ri is the manager.
You're scared of her that much?
Companies aren't playgrounds.
If she's going to kick you out because of her personal feeling,
you should stay here at all cost.
But she's the daughter of Chairman Kevin.
This might sound like a cliche.
The more iron gets hammered and dipped into the fire,
the stronger and harder the iron becomes.
Your true target...
isn't your environment. It's the kitchen.
"What can I do..."
"to make the most delicious dish?"
Come inside.
He's right. I need to draw a line between my life and work.
If something happens, I'll just take her down like in Guam.
Wait for me, Chef Jung!
Goodness, my back hurts. Shoot.
- Hey, let's go. - Oh, my.
Don't go anywhere, and stay in the lobby.
You should think about what you did wrong...
and repent all night long.
Gosh, she can be so rigid.
She must have slept in the lobby.
She's going to catch a cold. Goodness.
What is this?
"Hotel Olivia"?
"350 dollars"?
Wait. She wasn't reflecting on her wrongdoings last night.
She was sleeping in a luxurious hotel, enjoying by herself?
And she even stayed at a five-star hotel?
Unbelievable. Has she lost her mind?
Goodness.
Where are you?
Where do you think? I'm at my house.
Your house?
Hey, you. Where did you get all those clothes?
From the look of it, I can tell that they are very expensive.
I must say, you have good eyes.
I went shopping at the department store.
I bought some clothes for myself and Ru Ri.
Where is your card? Give it back to me.
Goodness.
I'm going to take this card away.
Suit yourself. I already maxed out the card.
Hey!
What?
Did you just yell at me?
Yes, I did.
I only realized it now after living 34 years with you.
Others don't uphold my right. Only I can protect my own right.
Starting now, don't you dare mistreat me.
If you ever run your mouth at me,
yell at me, boss me around,
make me kneel down, or kick me out of this house,
that would be the last day of our marriage!
From that moment, you will forever disappear in my life!
Hey, when did I mistreat you?
Besides, look who's talking.
You stabbed me in the back!
How dare you go on a shopping spree?
- Did you earn this money? I did! - Goodness.
All you talk about is money.
You brag that you supported our family whenever you have a chance.
For my entire life, I was worried about buying a T-shirt...
that only cost 10 dollars.
I worked as a housewife who was never off the clock for 34 years.
And I was a housewife to you without even getting paid.
I had to deal with your nagging when I wanted to buy my friend lunch.
Without my sacrifices,
do you think you could work hard at the company?
What about the house? Do you think you'd be living here?
You went golfing and on business trips.
Only you got to enjoy those luxuries.
I must start enjoying mine now. Got it?
I'm going to spend the money I have saved up until now.
Otherwise, it'd be a great injustice!
Fine, fine. Use all of it. Spend all your money.
Spend your money like water then.
We don't have any income, but sure. Go ahead.
I can just go into a mountain...
and live like a cave man!
Hey, this is precisely why I can't let you handle our finances.
You're not adequate enough to figure things out.
Goodness, you're such an idiot.
I warned you earlier. Don't you talk down to me.
I'm returning your warning right back at you!
A stupid daughter who takes after you.
Thanks to me, her life was about to be taken care of.
But you ruined it!
How will you take responsibility for it?
Goodness. Is Oh Mok Sin really Prince Charming?
Do you need to ask me that?
He has a great family, went to good schools, and has a stable job.
In this failing economy and with the high unemployment rate,
a job at a public enterprise is a lifelong position!
Where will Ru Ri meet someone as successful as him?
I can't believe you. You're fooling yourself.
I think he's the worst of the worst.
Seriously? How would you know that? Do you have proof?
- You’re such an idiot. - Darn you.
What a great timing. Here comes the proof.
Proof? Goodness, whom is she trying to fool?
Oh, my. How can she be so clueless?
How have you been? Mr. Lee.
Hey, you! Didn't I make myself clear?
I told you not to set foot in my house!
Call him, Myung Rang.
Yes, ma'am.
(My Honey Mok Sin)
What are you scheming right now?
Quiet.
Goodness!
Do you want to die, Small-eye?
I told you not to show your face!
So that's why I’m only calling you.
I'm really sorry about what happened.
Shut your mouth!
Stop talking before I knock out those dirty teeth of yours.
Oh, dear. You heard him, didn't you?
Let me warn you.
Tell Big-eye's dad to watch his back at night.
What? "My daughter is pretty"?
Her face is a complete mess.
Gosh, if she wasn't my father's friend's daughter...
Anyhow, you wait.
I have prepared a gift for you guys, ugly con-artists.
Hang up!
(My Honey Mok Sin)
Hey, how can he be so vulgar?
Gosh, what a jerk.
How could he swear like that?
- I think he texted you. - Okay. Hold on.
It's a video.
Here's your gift.
One.
Two.
Three. Here it comes!
Goodness, I can't believe this.
What a piece of trash.
Wait. So he really is...
Oh Mok Sin, son of Dong Ki?
If you don't think so, why don't you watch it again? Here.
Hey, hey, hey. Get that out of my sight.
It smells. Gosh, this is disgusting.
Since we're at this,
when we were going out, he never paid for a cup of coffee.
He saved up the money and went to clubs to meet girls.
- And... - Stop!
That's enough. Let's stop it here.
Do you see it now?
Do you see how ridiculous your requests were?
She's right on this.
Please give Ru Ri her freedom.
There are tons of choices even for ice cream flavors these days,
but she doesn't have any at all.
She always has to listen to you.
She even ran away to Guam because you suffocated her.
Ru Ri has a job now.
She's an intern, but she might get the job after six months.
Just trust her this time.
Goodness. Are you serious?
I'll assure you that if you keep being stubborn like this,
no one will remain by your side.
You retired from work. Do you want to be left out in our family?
Be quiet. Stop it.
That's enough. Stop it.
Stop it. Stop it!
Honey, congratulations on our fourth wedding anniversary.
He's gorgeous. He's a work of art. He's a fantastic piece of art.
You said you didn't have to work in the morning. Did I wake you up?
Can you take the suit I wore yesterday to the dry cleaners?
Okay.
What is this?
Beppu hot springs plane ticket?
Honey.
Let's go to Kyushu on the weekend with your mother.
It's our anniversary. Let's go to the hot spring and eat sashimi.
What's wrong?
I'm so thankful.
It's the first time you remembered our anniversary.
I told you that I'd try harder.
Don't be stressed that we're having a hard time conceiving a baby.
We can live with or without a baby.
- Okay? - Okay.
I'll change a lot too.
I'll reduce shopping and sleeping.
I'll learn how to cook instead of going clubbing.
Anyway, I love you so much.
Wait a minute.
Yes?
What?
Okay, I'll be there right away.
Did you need me?
Are you Doctor Lee So Won?
Yes, is there a problem?
A child was abandoned, so we just protected and treated the child.
We were going to take Han Gyul to the child protection center,
but she said something strange, so we called you to check.
Something strange?
Han Gyul, can you repeat what you said a minute ago?
Who is he?
It's okay, say it.
Who am I to you?
Dad.
My dad.
That's right, he's my dad.
He's my dad.
It's okay.
She had this as proof.
Han Gyul, it's okay.
The food doesn't taste good.
It's not like I have morning sickness.
I will feel better after I eat...
udon in a 100-year-old restaurant in Japan.
What is this?
Are these plane tickets for a Japanese hot spring?
So Won wants to take us to Japan for the weekend.
Oh, my. I can't believe this.
How did a cold man like him think of something like that?
Be nice to him from now on.
A country girl like you is...
going to Japan all because of your wonderful doctor son-in-law.
Your life is a success.
If I were you, I would give him the building in Cheongdam-dong.
What? Are you going to make me poor?
That's not what I mean.
I want to give him that as a thank you gift,
since he loves me so much.
You're an idiot.
You're blaming the wrong thing and being ridiculous.
It's not like you weren't loved because you were poor.
You just lacked in techniques.
Techniques?
Three-cushion.
Have you ever played three-cushion billiards?
If you really love your husband,
you need to do your best to your in-laws.
That's the three-cushion technique.
You lost your child,
so your father-in-law must be really upset.
Should I do something for your in-laws?
Three-cushion?
Inmate 601's visitor, please wait a minute.
That's right, he's my dad.
He's my dad.
I can't believe this.
I'll assure you that if you keep being stubborn like this,
no one will remain by your side.
You retired from work. Do you want to be left out in our family?
Stubborn?
She's disregarding me because I'm retired.
She defies me and talks back to me every time.
Gosh, she's acting up.
Be quiet!
You dirty punk. Let it go.
- Give me one bite. - No.
You're eating it all up.
What is this?
It doesn't taste good.
You're nothing without your wife at this age.
His wife graduated their marriage,
so he died alone.
Did he die alone?
No, that can't happen.
That won't happen to me.
No, that won't happen to me.
No. No, no.
That won't happen to me.
Oh, my.
- Gosh. - Oh, my.
- Oh, my. - Oh, my.
What should we do?
- Call an ambulance. - Okay, ma'am.
- Goodness! Father. - Oh, my.
Oh, my. It really is him.
I can't smell any alcohol. Why would he run into a car?
What's wrong with him? What is he doing?
- We're in trouble. - He needs to go to the hospital.
When will it come? In two minutes?
670, 680, 690.
It's 690 dollars.
- This is 10 dollars. - That makes it 700 dollars.
We need 800 more dollars.
Why does a hairdressing school cost so much?
I wish we could hit the jackpot.
Where will I get 800 dollars?
Get a part-time job at a fast food restaurant.
I want to,
but they want me to get this form signed.
Guardian consent for a part-time job?
You need mom and dad's signatures.
How will I get those?
Mom will faint if I go to hairdressing school...
instead of college.
There's one way left.
Do you know where their seals are?
This is pretty.
Do you know this person?
That surprised me. I thought it was Tae Yang.
Is this his biological father?
- Mom. - Who is he?
He really looks like Tae Yang.
Is he the biological father of Tae Yang?
Get out. You're not supposed to touch my things.
Mom.
Get out right now!
There's no such thing as a secret in the world.
It must have been Anna.
But she is supposed to be dead. And she can't be in Seoul.
No, I must have been mistaken.
It can't have been her.
It's been 30 years.
It's pretty.
(Break Time from 3pm to 4pm)
- Customer based service, - Customer based service,
- customer satisfying service, - customer satisfying service,
- and customer safety service. - and customer safety service.
I'll check the standard terms. Let's start with Chef No.
Hello. Welcome.
May I have your name?
Did you make an appointment for three?
Sir, there are no more vacant seats.
You may need to wait for 10 more minutes. Would that be all right?
Well done.
It will be dinner time within five minutes. Let's get ready.
Manager Joo,
- how about me? - Right.
I forgot about the intern.
You don't have any experience working in the restaurant.
You should stay in the back.
Gosh, that can't be true.
Did you hear that, Manager Jung?
Intern Lee Ru Ri,
if you call me Manager, it could be confusing.
From now on, call me Chef Jung.
Excuse me, Manager Joo.
I entered the company after I took the same exam as the others.
I also participated actively in the courses this morning.
I don't think it's fair that you don't treat me like the others.
Really?
I was only trying to be considerate. You must be confident.
All right.
But...
if you make a mistake, I'll have you stay in the back.
All right. I will do my best.
It smells nice.
You must have done something wrong.
When you make mistakes, you can't look me in the eyes.
You apologize to my back.
Didn't the children say anything?
They are really worried.
They think you are having menopause.
They said they are irritated because you are always irritated.
How about you throw away...
that necklace?
Honestly, I'm jealous.
I'm worried that you still have feelings for...
Tae Yang's father because you still have the necklace.
It's nothing like that.
But I plan to tell Tae Yang everything...
about his biological father.
To do that...
Right. He doesn't even know what his father looks like.
When are you going to tell him?
I'll tell him when he finds someone that he truly loves,
and when he settles down,
so that even if he hears something shocking like this,
he would be all right.
That's why you allowed him to work at SC Food and Beverage.
I pray every day that...
he would be able to endure it...
even when your mother bullies him.
He'll be great. Trust him.
He's a lot like me.
He is resilient.
Chairman Kevin.
Did you ask to see me?
Can I check the security footage of the parking lot?
I need to check the visitors' car plates.
Is it because of the person you met this morning?
She was supposed to have died 30 years ago.
I can't believe she's alive.
I need to find out if she's alive...
and the reason she came here.
Here's your bacon carbonara pasta.
Enjoy your meal.
The plates are too heavy.
This is today's special.
This is soft meat harmonized with peanut dressing...
Is there a problem, sir?
What is that?
It's hair.
I have eyes. Don't act up.
I'm sorry. I'm so sorry.
I'll check with the kitchen and...
Manager.
Is there a problem, sir?
How do you train your staff?
This should...
go back to where it belongs.
I'm so sorry, sir.
You can't deny that the color...
and the length of this hair matches that of yours.
I'm sorry. I will never...
You have no sense of hygiene nor have you satisfied the customer.
You should stay in the back.
I'm so sorry.
Did you like that?
Well done.
I'll make her leave on her own accord,
not even within six months, but a week.
Honey. Wake up.
Honey. Are you awake now?
I'm sorry.
I complained to you so much when you didn't do anything.
I'll never do that again.
How can I trust you?
I swear.
I regretted so much when you were away because I was so lonely.
Then sign it to prove it.
Honey.
Or I'm going to explode all of my brain blood vessels and kill myself.
Honey. No.
I can't live without you.
Then sign it.
Fine.
Mom. Look at Father's lips.
Why are they like that?
My goodness.
He's got it.
Got what?
Facial paralysis.
- Facial paralysis? - Paralysis.
Father. Wake up.
Father. No. Wake up.
- Wake up. Father. - What?
- What's wrong? - What a relief.
Because Yeon Ju woke you up,
you were able to prevent paralyzing.
What?
How did I get here?
Goodness. Don't you remember?
You were hit by my mom's car.
On our way to your house,
some man suddenly ran into my car.
I'm sorry, I didn't know it was you.
You ran into my car...
and fell backward. My goodness.
I think it's serious because your brain was injured.
Do you recognize me?
Why did you save me?
You should've left me to die on the street.
No way.
Why would you say that?
If I collapsed again, I'm sure it means the stroke's back.
I'd rather...
Your result's not out yet,
so don't give up yet.
- Mr. Lee Shin Mo? - Yes. Hello.
How's the result, Doctor?
Father's test result. Hurry.
Since my mouth is fine,
that means my legs are paralyzed, am I right?
- What did you eat yesterday? - Pardon me?
Yesterday,
my daughter pissed me,
so all I had was three bottles of soju.
- Goodness. - And today?
Today,
my wife pissed me.
That reminds me I haven't had anything.
That's why you fainted.
You drank on an empty stomach, and you were stressed.
It's only a temporary dizziness. Make sure to eat well.
You can go home now.
She told you to leave right now.
You didn't tell my family, did you?
Of course. You yelled so loudly...
when you were being transferred to the hospital.
You told me never to tell Mother.
Okay.
Take your mother home.
I'm going to sleep here alone tonight.
I'll book you a five-star hotel.
You can sleep there.
Inmate 601's visitor?
Yes.
Come this way.
Long time no see.
Mr. Lee. Get up, and try this.
You drank soju on an empty stomach...
since yesterday and had nothing.
You should fill up your stomach before you sleep.
Why didn't you leave?
I bought this from a very famous restaurant,
so try the soup first.
I'm so sorry.
Goodness.
You must be very upset.
You're crying in front of me.
Just tell me.
Pretend that I'm your sister.
I've wasted my life.
I never told you,
but my heart hurts so much.
Other people think I'm rich and that I enjoy my life with the money,
but I actually got fired.
I was planning to...
go to a civil engineering cooperative company after I retire,
but they rejected me.
It deeply hurt your pride.
I have nothing left, do I?
My children are grown up. They can go their own way.
I only have my wife left...
at this old age.
But she doesn't care about me.
I have no idea what I did wrong.
Do you want me to tell you what you did wrong?
You only worked for all your life. That's what's wrong.
You only worked hard.
Worked hard?
Yes. From now on, you must take care of people.
Even though I'm a woman,
women's hearts are so sly that we change our minds every minute.
So you must always tell your wife, "I love you", "You're beautiful".
Even if you didn't do anything wrong,
tell her you're sorry and that it's your fault.
You must give in to her.
Losing is winning.
The beautiful secret is the love.
Get it? Do you understand?
Always.
Father.
Yes.
Here's your present.
Give this to Mother. Here.
They are real 50 dollar bills. All of them.
My goodness.
Nice to see you.
It's been six years.
- How... - What are you trying to do?
Don't be so mean. We just reunited.
Tell me.
That kid, Han Gyul.
Who's she?
Why would you ask when you know the answer already?
Then is it true?
- Is she really... - If you can't trust me,
ask your father. He knows everything.
What do you mean?
You moved to the US after marrying a rich man.
Why would you blame my father?
You're so naive.
Did you really trust what was written in that letter?
Or are you pretending you did just to feel better?
- Jung Su Mi. - I left you...
because of your father. Get it?
What do you mean?
What did he do to you?
Do you want to see...
what your father did to me?
I'm glad I didn't marry Su Mi.
Don't even bring her up.
You'll never see her again in your life.
Why isn't he picking up?
What happened? He's not answering my calls.
Honey.
Why did you come out here to meet me?
Were you worried that I'd have fainted?
Why didn't you answer my calls?
I didn't have the energy to answer your calls.
Gosh, you made me starve.
Let's go inside.
I cooked kimchi soup with pork neck that you like.
Why are you doing this?
You said you were going to isolate me.
That will never work on you.
Let's go inside.
Here.
I picked it up from the street.
You can have that...
and buy yourself some clothes.
Gosh, I can't believe this.
You are giving me money.
If you do things you don't normally do, they say you'll die early.
Gosh, Young Hye.
- 1, 2... - What are you doing?
Gosh.
What are you doing?
Do you want to die?
See, Young Hye?
You can act up all right,
but you are a grandmother now.
Gosh.
So don't act up, okay?
I won't act up either.
Here.
- Here. - No.
Oh, my.
I pray every day that...
he would be able to endure it...
even when your mother bullies him.
Who is this?
You came to see me without even calling me.
I need to show you something.
This is the only good memory...
I have of you.
One week before you left the house,
you spent the whole day playing with me and my brother.
We didn't know anything.
Excited by the attention our mother was giving us,
we played until it got dark, not even realizing that we were hungry.
Why did you...
bring this to me?
After that,
I have never been happy.
Do you know how...
Eun Byul and I lived after my brother died?
Before she went to school,
she'd...
try to hide alcohol from me.
Are you blaming me for that?
That's when I met Hwa Young.
She saved me from alcohol...
and provided a warm family for Eun Byul.
Now, for the first time after that, I'm living like a human.
So?
I beg you.
Please don't hurt my family.
Leave my wife and Tae Yang alone.
If I do that, what will you give me in return?
I will...
forgive you.
I don't need your forgiveness.
I've already forgiven myself.
Go Jung Do, what I need is not my son...
but a business partner who can make money with me.
Come back after you make your decision.
What should I do?
Should I stop researching about Jung Hwa Young?
Are you out of your mind?
Call Kim Jin Ho,
and tell him that we have the money, and that we need to talk.
Yes, ma'am.
What on earth happened?
- It's because of her. - No, it's not.
Old habits die hard.
She's being mean here again.
What are you doing? It smells.
Clean the frying pan first.
Yes, ma'am.
You need to clean it thoroughly, Intern Lee.
Good luck.
I'm sorry I have to leave early.
Do you have a lot to do?
I have so many left, Manager... I mean, Chef Jung.
Really?
You just have to try harder then.
Goodbye, Intern Lee.
Isn't it hard?
Then...
just give up.
The exit door is always open.
If you try to stay, you'll experience the abyss.
Or is it the abyss already?
Oh, my. My hand must have slipped.
I have the security footage.
Wait.
Zoom in.
Is that Anna?
She looks similar.
What's her car plate number?
Unfortunately, the security cameras are being replaced.
This is all we have.
51Ma 9378.
Track the car.
Yes, sir.
He's being so mean.
I came here because of him, and yet he pretends like he doesn't know me.
Now that he got in,
he probably doesn't need a fool like me.
Gosh, my legs hurt.
Even my shoulders hurt.
Gosh, my nails.
I'm hungry.
Are you hungry? Yes, I know.
I'll go home...
and feed you ramen. I understand.
Ru Ri, are you done washing dishes?
From tomorrow, you should come here one hour earlier.
If you can't work properly, you should at least be diligent.
Aren't you hungry?
I'll buy you ramen at a really good restaurant.
You should come while my offer still stands.
I know that your stomach is in war right now.
Why do you keep...
Are you growing your nails?
Let's talk about it when we get off.
Come an hour early, and wash the frying pans again,
so it won't get smelly.
Let me see.
(Congratulations!)
That's cute.
(Queen of dish washing)
Honey. Honey.
What?
Get up, and drink this.
Okay.
My goodness. What's this?
Why? Does it taste weird?
You're beautiful. Really.
Goodness.
Get up. Get ready for breakfast.
Wait. Sit here. Sit.
I had a dream about you last night.
You said you'll never leave me, and you even kissed me.
It felt really good. What a dream.
You snored so loud. I didn't know you had a dream.
Hey. I wouldn't have such a dream if I wasn't so stressed.
It's all your fault.
So let's stop fighting. I beg you.
I must be old. I don't even have the energy to cook after we fight.
Fine. Okay. I get it.
I said I'll be better,
so...
why don't you...
kiss me here?
Goodness.
Fine. All right.
My gosh. You're ridiculous.
This is great.
It's Yeon Ju.
Yes. What's up so early in the morning?
What?
Okay. I see.
Calm down. Hang up first.
I'll find out. Okay.
So Won didn't come home last night.
What? That punk.
Where are you?
What?
Okay. Bye.
You said he got a studio apartment. Where is it?
- I'll go with you. - No.
He told me to come alone. He said he has something to tell me.
That punk.
What's going on?
Yes. This is the one.
Oh, my. I'm at the wrong place.
I'm sorry.
Father. Come in.
Is this your apartment?
Then who's this?
Who is she? Why is she with you?
Who's child is she?
She's our child.
What? What do you mean?
She's...
your granddaughter.